Update troubleshooting.mdx (#3059)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/troubleshooting.mdx

nodeLinker: "node-modules"
```

> ### Using Astro with dependencies in the root of a Monorepo
> 
> When installing dependencies in a Monorepo, it is possible to also install dependencies in the root `package.json` file instead of the project `package.json`: installing dependencies this way can make some Astro packages to not work or bundle as expected.
> It is recommended to just put all of Astro packages in the project `package.json`to avoid this kind of issue; if it can't be avoided you will probably need to manually put the dependencies in the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config:
> ```js
> // astro.config.mjs
> import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
> 
> export default defineConfig({
>   vite: {
>     ssr: {
>       noExternal: ['@astrojs/package-a', '@astrojs/package-b', ..., '@astrojs/package-N']
> })
> ```
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Astro in a monorepo

When working with Astro in a monorepo setup, it is recommended to keep all the dependencies in the project `package.json` file.
However, you may also want to use Astro in the root of the monorepo (for example, to generate static routes properly). In this case, you may encounter some issues with dependencies not being installed and bundled properly.
To avoid this, you need to manually add these dependencies to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config:

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
export default defineConfig({
  vite: {
    ssr: {
      noExternal: [
        '@astrojs/package-a',
        '@astrojs/package-b',
        '@astrojs/package-n',
      ]
    }
  }
})
```

```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this helpful suggestion, @bandantonio ! I'm going to commit it to make sure you are on record as a co-author, and then do some smaller edits myself.

Team work!  :partying_face:

nodeLinker: "node-modules"
```

### Using Astro in a monorepo

> When working with Astro in a monorepo setup, it is recommended to keep all the dependencies in the project `package.json` file.
> However, you may also want to use Astro in the root of the monorepo (for example, to generate static routes properly). In this case, you may encounter some issues with dependencies not being installed and bundled properly.
> To avoid this, you need to manually add these dependencies to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working with Astro in a monorepo setup, project dependencies should be added in each project's own `package.json` file.

However, you may also want to use Astro in the root of the monorepo (e.g. to generate static routes properly). In this case, manually add these dependencies to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config to ensure that these dependencies are properly installed and bundled:
```
Just my take at tightening up the wording.

Reviewer 3: > (for example, to generate static routes properly)

I'm not sure if this is the reason to install Astro at the root from the linked issue. From https://github.com/withastro/astro/issues/6790#issuecomment-1503518727, it's a convention by Nx? So we could say, 

> e.g. [Nx](https://nx.dev) projects recommend installing dependencies at the root

Also, is there a link that shows Nx suggesting it?

---

> manually add these dependencies to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config

Maybe we can explain the kind of dependencies required to be added, which are packages that rely on Astro, e.g. `@astrojs/cloudflare`, `@astrojs/vue`, `astro-component-lib`. So on top of Sarah's suggestion, it could be

> In this case, manually add Astro-related dependencies to the ...

> However, you may also want to use Astro in the root of the monorepo (e.g. Nx projects recommend installing dependencies at the root). In this case, manually add Astro-related dependencies (e.g. `@astrojs/vue`, `astro-component-lib`) to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config to ensure that these dependencies are properly installed and bundled:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, you may also want to use Astro in the root of the monorepo (e.g. [Nx projects recommend installing dependencies at the root](https://github.com/nrwl/nx/issues/3023#issuecomment-630558318)). In this case, manually add Astro-related dependencies (e.g. `@astrojs/vue`, `astro-component-lib`) to the `vite.ssr.noExternal` part of Astro's config to ensure that these dependencies are properly installed and bundled:
```
Updated with Nx source link!

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
export default defineConfig({
  vite: {
    ssr: {

>       noExternal: [
>         '@astrojs/package-a',
>         '@astrojs/package-b',
>         '@astrojs/package-n',
>       ]
>     }
>   }
> })

Reviewer 3: I think we can use the examples above here too:

````suggestion
      noExternal: [
        '@astrojs/vue',
        'astro-component-lib',
      ]
    }
  }
})
```

````

Looks like it's missing the trailing triple backticks too.
